♪ Who's gonna help when the danger overwhelms ♪
♪ And the mysteries are piled high? ♪
♪ Who's gonna be around, never gonna let you down ♪
♪ When you're on a wild ride? ♪
♪ Your friends are always by your side ♪
♪ It's Craig of the Creek, he's gonna save the day ♪
♪ It's Craig of the Creek ♪
♪♪♪
It looks like you ordered your feet to go.
Look, I'm just being careful so I can stay as dry as possible.
Sometimes you're a little too careful, Craig.
Besides, we're going into the sewers.
You're gonna get wet.
Hey! These tunnels belong to the Sewer Queen!
State your business or move along, baggy-boy!
Oh, it's, uh, Craiggy-Boy, actually. Or just Craig.
And I've come fully prepared
with my waterproof map and markers to --
Get to the point.
The Sewer Queen asked me to make a map of the sewers.
I doubt the queen is meeting with a dry footer.
Yeah, especially one who wears bags on their feet.
[ Laughter ]
-Whoa! -Aah!
-Craig! It's good to see you. -Your Majesty.
I'm sorry if my guards gave you a hard time.
They should know that all feet may tread in our sacred waters.
Now, let's get started. We've got work to do.
-Whoa! -Whoa!
♪♪♪
That's it! Keep up the training!
My Queen, Tiny Trunks has gone down another size.
He refused the shorts?
Yes, and it's cutting off his circulation.
Try to reason with him.
My Queen, can I play you my pool tuba?
Why, yes, of course!
[ Inhales ]
[ Pipe toots ]
It needs to be louder and prouder!
My Queen, the mushroom harvest is dangerously low.
We may not have enough for the winter.
[ Chuckles ]
Nonsense. Seal the grates!
Fungus thrives best in darkness.
[ Sniffles ] My Queen.
Man, she's so in command.
She has an answer for everything just like that.
I wish I could be like her. My hair's just not big enough.
I'm so glad you're here, Map Maker.
We're in desperate need of your help.
The underworld in which we dwell is a maze of tunnels.
Even I get lost from time to time.
But very rarely.
[ Laughter ]
Well, I'm trying to map out the whole Creek.
And I'm happy to help do the same for the sewer kingdom.
My Queen! Last night's storm
has caused flooding in the northern pipes.
That's strange.
The pipes are supposed to re-route rainwater to the creek.
I wonder what could have caused the flooding.
Speedicus, Aquatina,
go and make sure that area has been fully evacuated!
And take floaties. The flow is strong today.
With the water at a dangerous level,
I'll need more assistance for this mapping journey.
Frisboy and Scuba, will you assist us?
Both: Yes, My Queen.
[ Goggles snap ]
Into the pipes!
♪♪♪
Man, so, this is what a plumber must feel like.
Plumbers are the servants of the pipes.
We are their masters.
So, why does your king wear bags over his feet?
Kelsey:  King? No one was Kelsey's king,
for she was the main character of this story.
She was the hero of this epic.
She was the protagonist with the clearest emotional arc.
She was... the one with the sword!
Your Sewerness, if I may, your ability to lead your people --
It's inspiring.
How did they come to follow you?
How I became queen?
Well, a heat wave passed through a few summers ago.
My friends and I needed a place to cool off,
but we dared not go to the pool,
lest we be judged for our weird toes.
Or for not taking your shirt off in the pool!
Or for taking too much of your shirt off at the pool.
We were left to sweat it out,
until the day I found the sewers.
It was scary at first, but with a flashlight,
I led the way, clearing cobwebs and raccoons,
making the sewers safe.
Soon after, everyone was following me into the depths
and calling me the queen.
Anyone can be a leader, I suppose.
A leader is just someone who steps up when they're needed.
And I will always be here for when my people need --
♪♪♪
The queen! Where is she?!
Whoa! You guys, I found something!
Frisboy: The queen's prescription goggles!
She's lost without them.
Marco! -Marco!
Queen: [ Echoing ]Polo!
-Marco! -Marco!
Polo!
All: Marco! [ Gasps ]
Queen: [ Echoing ] Polo!
Oh, no! She could be anywhere!
What are we gonna do? We have to find the queen!
Frisboy: But there are so many pipes!
It would take a lifetime of searching!
If only the queen were here. She'd help us find the queen.
The queen is gone! She's gone, and we're doomed!
Someone do something!
All is not lost, children of the sewer, for I am here --
Craig, Maker of the Map, Wearer of Bag Shoes.
Follow me henceforth, and we will find your queen.
[ Crying ] Ohh, thank you.
Wow, Craig is really stepping up.
Oh, and now he's stepping down.
Now, let us go...
that way!
Craig, do you know where you're going?
Of course! To find the Sewer Queen!
Yeah, but do you know where you're going?
No. What?!
So we're just wandering through these tunnels aimlessly
without a plan?!
Shh! There was no time for plans.
Frisboy was losing his Fris-mind.
Someone had to step up and take action,
like the queen would have done.
-Oh, no! -What is it, Frisboy?
It's a r-r-raccoon!
Probably a leftover from the great Fur Wars.
Here for revenge.
He's gonna wash our corpses with his weird little hands!
What should we do? Should we turn back or...?
Aah!
[ Craig grunting ]
♪♪♪
It was just some cans.
-Wow! -Yay!
That was so brave of you, My King, uh, I mean, Map-Boy.
Please don't let the queen know I said that.
Whoa! He could have gotten rabies!
Or at least tetanus. I like Reckless Craig.
♪♪♪
So, she's at the end of  this tunnel?
Yeah, I know. I said that about the last tunnel.
But they're all kind of one tunnel, you know?
Marco! -Polo!
The queen! Full speed ahead!
Yeah!
[ Soap bubbling ]
What the...? Bubbles?
This must be runoff from a car wash.
No! Mortimer!
[ Breathing heavily ]
[ Pop! ]
Hey, thanks, JP. Just being tall.
Stick close together, guys. It's hard to see here.
-Aah! -Scuba?
Frisboy? Whoa!
[ All screaming ]
[ Gasping ]
My shoes! -We're trapped!
The walls are too soapy to scale!
-Oh, no! -You!
Why did you lead us here?
You didn't know what you were talking about!
Hey! Hey, he stepped up when someone had to!
And look where that got us!
At least he did something about it!
Ohh! Why didn't I use my map?
Why didn't I just stop and think?
You just stand there with a Frisbee on your chest!
♪♪♪
I hate baths. I like being dirty.
[ Gasps ] I think I know how to get out of here!
The Sewer Queen said these tunnels
were built to drain water into the creek.
There's a clogged-up hole beneath us.
I bet if we clear it out,
we can drain ourselves back to the creek.
Is that why we don't drink the creek water?
You guys don't drink the creek water?
I'm not following you anywhere!
I messed up, I know.
I thought we needed someone to step up and --
and be a leader.
But I wasn't thinking things through.
That's why this time I'm not telling you to follow me.
I'm asking you to help me,
so we can get out of here and find your true queen.
All right, wet footer. It's worth a try.
Better than drowning in bubbles.
-JP! -[ Gasps ]
I'm sorry, man. did you want a turn with these?
Yeah. I do.
♪♪♪
[ Grunts ]
[ All grunting ]
[ All screaming ]
[ Laughter, cheering ]
-Help! -Huh?
I'm stuck under a car!
[ Coughs ]
Sewer Queen!
Okay, we got to get that car off of her.
Let's take our time and think things through.
Hyah!
-Oh, My Queen! -Oh, My Queen!
[ Clears throat ] Thank you.
Here, I think these belong to you.
♪♪♪
Our home is safe, thanks to these brave souls.
They've solved the mystery of the Great Clog
and saved me from certain peril.
Pool cleaner, extend!
For your bravery, I bestow on you the highest honor.
Craig: Water shoes!
Thank you.
And you, for rescuing me from the car,
I give you the car!
Finally, I've got a chariot.
I know how lines work, so it's my turn!
To you I offer a firm handshake.
[ Music stops ]
My Queen, what about me?
I already gave you a flying disc.
It represents your playfulness.
Right! I had it in me all along.
Whee!
Where's JP?
Right here.
I don't know about you fellas,
but all this queen saving has me famished.
To the Duck Mart!
♪♪♪
♪ When it's time to go to bed ♪
♪ I know I don't have to feel alone ♪
♪ 'Cause I'll see you tomorrow ♪
♪ At the creek ♪
Just like I drew it.
♪♪♪